this effect isn't about the cards
sometimes the card effect can be a
perfect way to misdirect somebody keep
your eyes on a wristwatch
say that laughs twelve shoot okay twelve
well we got it yeah count 12 another
heart hard time and hard time hard that
we have diamonds that's what uh that was
an adventure in Canada yeah
that's a weird
here look let's try this
I wanted to do something but jewelry
store always closed I used to imagine
what would it be like if I could
steal this
and I gotta say I like that walk stance
beautiful and look at that much
come
look at is it look like anything they've
ever seen
no weird every day so you think that
that's really are you just saying I
don't even know how we can make this
work what I was thinking is if we put
this right come closer come closer come
closer look watch this it reeks like
this see that through the window
look at the watch I like this watch I
like this watch all of a sudden her
watch is sitting in the window off of
her wrist
it's like the most amazing we just don't
have ever seen